I don't even think you can say it happened approximately that way.
What happened, sir, as I recall it is this.
Mr. Adams had a discussion with us after these hearings in Washington on the 8th and the 9th on both days.
I believe Mr. Adams had the customary discussion with us about when the hearings could be ended.
And Mr. Kronai told him that he could be done about that.
Mr. Adams on the 9th, sir, went up to seat Senator McCartney and asked Senator McCartney directly whether or not he was not saying about an end of these fort-line miscarried.
After I heard about that, I remember talking to Mr. Adams about whether it was that day or not.
Now you're asking Mr. Kronai.
I left you Senator McCartney didn't tell you that Mr. Adams lifeless talked to him about your interstations for days now.
He did not, sir. He did not.
No, sir. They were going to go ahead about it.
So, Andy, go ahead about it.
After John went up to seat Senator about getting these hearings stopped and talked to him about that, the Senator told somebody who told us about the conversation.
I remember that Frank Cahren I talked with John Adams about it, sir.
For nothing along the line, I could choose to get. As I recall it, I talked to John first and I told him I asked him about his conversation with Senator McCartney and whether he had had any luck in getting the hearing stopped.
He said that he had not, and as I recall, he said he hoped that I did not mind just having spoken with Senator McCartney about the matter directly.
Because of course John Adams and I were on one lower level and Senator McCartney and Mr. Stevens were on a higher level.
I think, sir, after Mr. Adams was in the picture if I had wanted to talk to Mr. Stevens about some cooperation or we weren't getting from the Army, I would have gone to Mr. Adams who was on my level and asked him to set up the date and then going along with him to see Mr. Stevens.
Mr. Adams didn't do that with that, but he went right up to see Senator McCartney. As I recall it, Mr. Adams wanted to know if I was annoyed at that.
I was, well, I told him, sir, that as I recall it, that if the table was returned and I had wanted to see Mr. Stevens about something like that, I probably would have called Mr. Adams first and asked him to make the date and going along with Mr. Adams who was on my level.
Because if I didn't do that, sir, I probably would have looked like something of a reflection on Mr. Adams.
Then Mr. Adams told me as I recall it, well, he said as I recall it, I think you're right, but Frank Clark suggested to me that I go up and talk to Senator McCartney.
Frank Clark told me, why don't you go up and talk to the chairman about it? We can't stop the hearings, he can't.
And the matter was dropped right then and there because of he had talked to Mr. Carb at it and Mr. Carb told him to go up and talk to the senator, well, that was certainly fine.
Mr. Cohen as a matter of fact, he worked without because Mr. Adams had gone over your head and talked to the director of the senator about it.
I think he's just not that much of a question about it, sir.
You weren't angry about it?
No, sir, I was not.
He's not waiting about it now, I didn't think.
And when he swore on these old hairs, both I said to him, like that, he said he would teach me what it meant to go away from it.
I said to him, Roy, is that a trade and he said no, that is a promise.
He said I didn't have Mr. Gold, is that really a statement of the imagination of God Adams and his father?
Yes, sir, I would say that's probably quite an exaggerated account of something that was not much of an incident at all.
Well, is there any cases that have ever presented?
Yes, sir, I would say that the fact is that Mr. Adams did go to see Senator McCarthy on her passing December 9th about these hearings, I was not alone.
And I think discussed with Mr. Adams some time after that the fact he had to want to see Senator McCarthy and had told him that if tables were turned, I probably would have called him to make the date with Mr. Stevens and he hadn't done that.
He told me, as I recall, that he had spoken of Frank Carby when I was presented at McCarthy and that Frank Carp's suggestion, he should go up.
And that was that as far as I was concerned.
Did you have an argument with Mr. John Adams about when the week end, a week end starts Mr. Gold?
No, sir, I did have a suggestion.
He had a suggestion.
Yes, sir. Now what was it?
Sorry, sir, I think that's a place on the Fourth of December.
I can fix that date pretty well because the friend of mine was in my office and it turns out when I was talking to Mr. Adam.
Did you find revealing the name of that frame that this time?
Sir, I'd rather check with him first and then tell you about it later.
So I'm sure he would have no objection.
That conversation I think was Friday, afternoon, December 4th, and I did have a discussion with Mr. Adams about when a week end started.
Yes, sir.
Well, did you mean the last that there was a disagreement about Tuesday's forums, about when a week end started?
That was a discussion, sir. I don't think there was so much of it.
What was this discussion with Gold?
Well, there's a lot of thought that afternoon.
Let's convey it to him now.
Are you sure? Can we please?
I'm just telling you what that discussion was.
The discussion was about changing the time sign would have available to work on the committee report.
He ordinarily had been available after training on Friday and was able to put in a full day Saturday and a full day Sunday.
That arrangement was changed around the beginning of December, so that he was not available until sometimes during the day Saturday, which was a day.
I discussed that with Mr. Adams, sir, and suggested that this was not an accordance with the original arrangement we had made.
Mr. Adams said, well, you're right. We did say weekend.
We have previously interpreted weekend to mean from the end of the day Friday, so the end of the day Sunday or the Monday morning.
That is whose interpretation was made?
Well, that was everybody's at the beginning, sir.
Mr. Adams and Aaron.
Did you admit to Adams when you agreed on weekend passes, placing interpretation on what weekend means?
No, sir. Actually, we did say I thought and I guess he thought that we assumed that weekend meant from the end of Friday until Monday morning.
So that's what you say weekend means from the end of Friday, our Friday afternoon or the beginning of Friday evenings until Monday morning.
You let your interviewees know that Monday morning, yes, sir.
I would say that.
In other words, I might put it in a different way, sir. Saturday and Sunday with these two weekend days.
And you did have a discussion with Adams about it. He stated in the amounts to an argument by this, sir.
He put a different interpretation on it, didn't he?
Yes, sir.
He stated, started Saturday noon.
Well, wasn't the question of putting a different interpretation on it, sir.
There was a lot of thought back and forth, and we both agreed that up to that time, both he and I had interpreted to me and had interpreted.
It, to me, Friday afternoon until Sunday night.
And then there was a change.
And the whole thing got back to, well, what was meant by a weekend?
A night that I thought it was meant to be the end of the day Friday until Monday morning, Sunday night.
And Mr. Adams said that a weekend meant anything, anyone wanted a weekend to me.
And so what's the discussion about that?
I take it you were wanting to sign after this committee work.
Sure.
No other purpose.
No, for no other purpose.
Mr. Cohn, do you know how many long distance telephone calls you put into?
How, from yourself?
Two, three, four.
You got it.
I did my case.
Do you know how many long distance telephone calls you put into John Adams?
On this one day you say, and I, you say this discussion happened on December 4th.
Yes, that's the best I can say.
Well, oh, as we will accept that as a date.
How many times did you call John Adams on December 4th long distance about anything?
About anything?
Well, Mr. Adams said two or three times I think that's about right.
I know that there were two or three topics of conversation, sir.
And I know that at least two of those topics of conversation required additional phone calls to be made.
But from me, to Mr. Adams, I would say two or three is probably right.
Well, I want to show you a telephone record.
You don't have to, Mr. Jenkins.
He just told me what it is.
I'll tell you what it is.
I'll show you the record, Mr. Cohn, and he's here for all the fees.
The record being that on the 4th day of the funders, there were four long distance telephone calls from Mr. Cohn from New York City to John Adams.
Could they say?
Well, I just examine it and when it was done, it had to be done.
All right, Mr. Jenkins.
All right.
Well, is that correct?
I'm not done.
It's the record.
And Alex, he missed the call and his great work with reference to what a long, what a, what a, a week-end meeting.
They were not, sir.
They were not.
No, sir.
So why did you call him four times in that row?
Let me tell you what happened that afternoon, sir.
And I'll tell you why there were four phone calls.
I didn't know that I had played more.
My recollection is that on one of the two of the occasions he had called me back and then I had called him again.
The record shows that we're all from humans.
Very well, New York City is now.
I recall that one thing which was necessitated before the phone call was it.
Mr. Adams on that afternoon, sir.
And I tried this by saying I alleged nothing whatsoever improper on this.
I'd taken up with me the question of getting fear to take it for his aunt, whose name I recall.
But don't want to mention here unless you want me to.
I lived in Brooklyn.
But in Iran, they, in fact, there were two aunts.
And they lived in Brooklyn and Mr. Adams was going to be New York the next week or the week after.
And he asked me, he gave me a list of two or three shows.
And he asked me if I could line up some tickets for one of those shows, number one.
And if number two, I could call his aunt to some number he gave me out in Brooklyn.
And agree on an evening with them when they would be available to go with them.
And agree on the name of the show and get the tickets and let them know.
And he was planned to be in New York on that particular evening.
So I recall it, sir.
And I'm sure of it.
I play, say, call to his aunt in Brooklyn.
And I play for call.
I know so fear to take its broker to see whether I could get the particular show.
I think he wanted to see how it's to the Yorkers moon.
I don't think we could get tickets to that.
I called Mr. Adams back and I brought him up to date on that situation.
And we discussed some length, further arrangements on that date.
And I say that little theater party finally came off on December the 6th.
Mr. Cohn did you discuss that?
Yes, sir. I thought about that.
How did you go to school?
No, sir. I thought that you would discuss any of those school calls at all.
You said you got it?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Cohn, you remember Mr. Adams' sister, the only sister to you.
I'm not finished telling you what we got.
I'm sorry.
There was one other topic of conversation.
And that topic of conversation was General Law.
Mr. Adams talked to me on that occasion about some new allegations against General Law,
which Mr. Adams thought might result in his being released of his command
in which Mr. Adams thought might have a particular appeal to me in getting me
to help Mr. Adams send him a party,
agreeing not to make a public issue of General Law and where he leads to this command.
As a result of certain statements that Mr. Adams made to me,
I agreed to check those statements for certain people I knew in New York
who might have knowledge of and guess the sort.
I telephone on that afternoon, sir, to two people I knew in New York
who would have knowledge of those statements about General Law.
And I recall reporting back to Mr. Adams on what those people had to say about General Law.
And I also recall making a tentative arrangement to have Mr. Adams see one of those people during the next week.
And I do recall, sir, that I should spend a substantial period of time talking to Mr. Adams
on that particular afternoon about the various subjects.
I think this guy spent probably an hour and a half or two hours on the phone with Mr. Adams about these subjects.
Mr. Collins said Mr. Pahead, the family member, and the correctness,
and he may refer to page 25, he says,
that on those occasions on December 2, on the 4th of December,
millions of same-minded by language-related issues,
the peacekeeping presence of the spectators, the radio, or television.
Uncertainable language.
Yes, sir.
That's you, Grady Mike.
What about it?
Well, sir, I am not going to deny that there might be certain things I say,
and I believe all of us say that we would not say on television.
As far as using by so-called obscene languages, you can say,
I talk to faculty all of my friends about that.
And the consensus of opinion is that if anything I use a good deal rest of the culture,
it's in most people's clothes.
Who did you?
Did you talk to yourself about it?
Yes, sir.
You talked to Mr. Wright Holden?
Mr. Wright Holden's version, I was not one of your friends,
but he has a language.
If I had a fan, he'd say,
I'm out of the fore of it to you, maverick.
Yes, sir.
I don't know what he calls a bad word and what he meant, sir.
I will very freely tell you that on occasion, I might use the word,
which I would not use here on television.
Who said when you're angry?
I might say when I'm angry.
I talked to him for 20, so I have a report, Mama.
Wouldn't have to be the only one I'm angry, sir,
to be when I'm talking to another man.
And we're talking about something.
We're talking about somebody we don't like or anything like that.
It could be on a lot of occasions, sir.
I do want to say this.
Well, I will very freely admit that I have used words that I would not be prone to receive.
You have the usual repertoire of bad words that take me to school.
Well, I would say I would say I have about the usual.
I don't think I have any unique ones in my vocabulary.
I, uh, well, you've never plowed a meal in you, now.
I mean, I don't think I have.
I don't think so, sir.
And, uh, there are words that I certainly would not repeat on television.
If, was there anything like superitive or obscene or anything that,
out of the ordinary or out of normal, I would say definitely not, sir.
And, Mr. Adams certainly never indicated to me or to anybody else,
but he objected to anything which I said to him.
I told him no.
And so when he said,
the chooses got shine with him on four occasions on the fourth day of December.
And, uh, arguably, he went over a prestigious A.V.K.
And, he used the same vagubrated language.
He used to say that John Adams for a loosely or falsely.
I would say that, sir.
And, again, I'm well-staffed to characterize what somebody else says is false.
That involves a lot of elements of...
What did you do?
We did it. We put it that way.
Yes, yes, sir.
Let's throw it this way if I may, Mr. Jenkins.
But, rather you do it that way,
and certainly you're not making it that way.
Sure.
You know what I said? I think yes, sir.
Yes, sir. We did discuss what's, sir, the weekend, sir.
I don't believe, and certainly in my opinion,
I did not then or on any other occasion use Mr. Adams.
What, I think...
Well, I don't want to throw anybody else in here.
But, I think a normal person would regard as by trooperative,
or obscene, or unusual,
language-free,
so guys talking about something.
I do say, sir, that Mr. Adams has omitted to state a good number of important other things,
which was discussed on that afternoon and on other occasions,
and has tried to create the impression that just about every time we talked,
there was all about shine and shine finishing committee work
and getting preferential treatment when that just isn't true.
So, I would say, sir, Mr. Adams, that given an inaccurate picture of what happened
on that afternoon.
What did you talk about the investigation of subversives in the Army?
So, what I remember thought to note, sir, what I remember, we might very well.
What I remember, that was the frequent topic of conversation.
What I remember is what you say, what he says,
I remember the general law of discussion,
because I had it thought to other people about that and call Mr. Adams back.
And I checked with those other people and I know that I did talk to them on that afternoon.
And sir, I do know that there was a discussion about his aunt and the state of affairs on that afternoon.
So, the fact that I can tell you, sir, is there is a little bit of truth thrown in with an awful lot of permission?
The discussion, Mr. Cohn,
is that the investigation of the Democratic Committee, the state of Tickets, sometimes I must be treated.
Well, I remember the week-end, sir.
I remember the general law thing and I remember the state of Tickets for the two ladies from Brooklyn.
Do you remember this photo will be arrived in New York City on December 17th, he missed home?
Yes, sir.
Do you remember what John Adams thought about that?
Do you remember that he testified that you were so angry?
That he feared for a Senator McCarthy's life and leans?
He said that you would commit me, amon him, if you left him alone.
Do you remember that?
Ah, I do.
Where you angry on that occasion?
Sir, we had an animated discussion about General Law and animated discussion, sir.
I don't think Senator McCarthy on that occasion or on any other occasion
was the need of bodily protection from Mr. Adams against me or against anybody else.
Well, regardless of that, the discussion was quite animated, you say?
Yes, there was.
And I suppose Mr. Cohn, does that mean that your temper rose and fell as Mr. Adams says, like the size of the sea is that right?
Sir, I have never made up an emotional shot and I just can't give it vivid a characterization as Mr. Adams.
And I can tell you, sir, though, the other purpose is here, that there was this lengthy discussion about General Lawton,
that I was very much the sir about what they were trying to do to General Lawton, that I was sufficiently disturbed,
so that that night I communicated personally with General Lawton, textbook, as to tell him,
that they were trying to do it all, and that the next day I took my time to have lunch with General Lawton,
aid Lieutenant Corps, to tell him just what Mr. Adams was up to, so I certainly was disturbed about it, sir.
This Cohn you talked to him about day's shine on medication, didn't you, sir?
As I re-evalidate that now positively and in fact, I guess, sir, I'm very...
I can certainly deny to you, sir, that that animated discussion was about day's shine.
Well, shine, as I mentioned, as I've Mr. Adams said, as a hearing seeer, that he said,
let's talk, he kept trying to say, let's talk about shine.
No, you're not. I think he must very well might have said, let's talk about...
What did you talk about, say, no, sir? I don't recall that we did and neither did the senator and neither did Mr. Car.
I was intent on talking about General Lawton and what they were trying to do to him.
That's what we did talk about that, sir, and I think about the best proof of that, that that night,
and you have the phone's list, Mr. Jenkins, I call General Lawton Techward.
To send words to the general, it's to just what had happened to lunch that day.
And the next day, sir, December 18th, I had lunch with Lieutenant Corps General Lawton's aide,
and I told him what Mr. Adams was trying to do to General Lawton.
To discuss in that day, sir, it was about General Lawton.
Mr. Cole and Mr. Adams said to the bad that you cursed me on that day.
Remember that?
I heard it said to him, sir. I think he said that I used the use of him.
I read you, it's like, what he said.
82587 of the records. Mr. Cole became extremely agitated.
He became extremely abusive.
He cursed me and then sent a number of times.
You cursed both me and the senator.
I think he told that wrong about that, sir.
Well, now, a little bit.
Yes, sir.
Well, how much?
Well, I'll try to study how much.
Well, how little?
Try to say that, sir.
We had an animated discussion about the General Lawton situation.
I don't think he can say that I was disturbed as Senator McCarthy.
I think it's more accurate to say, sir, that Senator McCarthy agrees with me.
And that it was Mr. Adams against Senator McCarthy, Mr. Car and myself.
And that's the other way around.
As far as using, in temperate language or anything like that, I can't once again.
Well, he doesn't say in temperate language.
He says in plain language.
So I don't know what Mr. Adams calls plain language.
He says you Christy.
I don't know what he means by that, sir.
Well, now, Mr. Cole, you know what Christy is.
Well, sir, once again, I suppose we've got to go word by word here.
I've told you, sir, that I certainly have on occasion, as I assume,
everybody else here has used some words which he was not.
Want to repeat on television.
When you're talking to another man, when you're discussing a situation,
or when you're discussing someone, you might say something which you don't want to say on television.
And so you said it's a clear of animation.
I'm sorry, well, I might have, sir.
Sure.
And it's going your perfectly capable of becoming quite animated at times.
Who are you?
I'm sure that I am.
Nobody sees you being the flagmatic type of person.
And you're not clear of animation.
Sure.
You say that you might have used some words that you would not want to repeat it there.
Or tell an agent.
Certainly.
No, that about you.
No, sir.
Where did you all medication with John Adam Smith?
I had my very well-assured.
Certainly, what have been an appropriate occasion to use some of those words?
No, but we did.
Yes, sir.
So I'll take it to that man, Mr. Cohen, you admit that on medication in the period of animation,
you use some profanity to the counselor for the secretary.
I don't want to argue with you about what's profanity.
I don't want to argue with you.
I'm not asking you a question.
I will certainly say that I, that that would have been a very appropriate occasion, and I might very well have used words,
which I would not repeat here and would not want to hear anyone else repeat here on television, sir.
And you say it was all centered around general law.
I do, sir.
With the signs that you have nothing, whatever to do with it.
It's his not, sir.
And that John Adam justifies that it's erroneously me putting it.
I say he was mistaken, sir.
I'll eat you further from John Adam, 2588.
The subject was shan.
The subject was the fact.
The thing that Cohen was angry about.
The thing that he was concerned about was the fact that, more, the army was not agreeing to an assignment for shan.
And soon, the senator McCrathy was not supporting his staff and his effort to get shan assigned to New York.
So his abuse was directed partly to me and partly to Senator McCrathy.
Is that true or false, sir?
Sir, I would say Mr. Adam is mistaken.
About that, the only thing I'm thinking, you say that, sir.
That's all I want Mr. Jenkins, when you say something is false, you're going into a man's state of mind, into an element of willfulness.
I would rather say this, or that Mr. Adam's account is not accurate.
And leave it to the committee, Judge, whether it was willfully inaccurate or whether he's mistaken.
Or you say it didn't happen.
I say it didn't happen.
Committee draw some conclusions.
Now, that's what you think, sir.
Yes, sir.
There were.
So, do you remember when Mr. Adam was in false office, over?
Did his mother?
I don't doubt that he did. I don't remember.
And I didn't talk to him when he was there, sir.
Did you inspire anyone to talk to him while he was there?
I did not.
Did you discuss with Mr. Frank Cards?
A nice ability.
I was at Mr. Carr calling you, I'm Mr. Carr.
Did you talk to Carr about college?
Not that I recall, sir. No.
Not that you recall.
No, sir.
Are you in position to deny Mr. Cards?
I'm in position to say, sir. I have no recollection.
I've ever suggested to Mr. Carr that he call Mr. Adams and he's in South Dakota.
Did Mr. Carr ever say that he called Mr. John Adam?
I don't recall anything, I'm going to give a few days, right?
I don't recall anything.
Did you know or did you ever learn that why John Adams was in South Dakota?
I just part of the Christmas holidays.
Mr. Frank Cards calling on two different occasions about an assignment for Dave Shines.
I don't believe that Mr. Carr did call him on those occasions.
About an assignment for Dave Shines, I believe sir.
Mr. Carr will tell you why he did call him.
I don't have certain knowledge on the subject.
Since these hearings have come up, I've talked with Mr. Carr about it.
And I do know why he called him.
Well, did he call Mr. John Adams of Amherst?
What's that?
Who was that?
I believe that date has been fixed as January the 19th.
January 9th?
Yes, sir.
I mean Mr. Carr calling you, Mr. Carr were together were you on that occasion?
No, sir.
You were in New York?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Carr and Washington, yes sir.
Did you know that Frank Carr was calling Mr. Adams while he was in New York?
Yes, sir.
I had him as well he was in Amherst for the purpose of making an act, right?
I know that Mr. Carr has been trying to find Mr. Adams, yes sir.
I didn't know that Mr. Adams was in Amherst.
And you were likewise trying to get in location?
Yes, sir.
What was the purpose of your call that was that of some Medicaid school?
As I think I testified to the last time Mr. Jenkins, that was an occasion when, as I recall,
a Chinese commons in New York, this was about a week before the final date on the filing
of these reports.
And we were hard to say that China's commons in New York to do his work on them.
And he had been ordered back to force six to do some kind of duty.
The purpose of my interest in a censor was to see that the facility could be done during the weeknight
when he was not available to work on these reports.
And so that answer, I tried to talk with Mr. Adams.
I believe I first talked with Carlos and his wife and then I tried to reach him through
at him.
You say you first talked to each other's wife?
Yes, sir.
On that same day?
I think so.
Mr. Cohns?
You had no intention, whatever, mentioning the name of Dave Chien, Mr. Adams, when you called him in Amherst.
I had every intention.
I was the only reason I was calling him, sir.
And for what purpose did you say?
I say that the purpose of that service to see the Chien under the arrangement we had previously made
was available to do the work on the reports over the weekend and that the duty he had he could do
stay up next to hours or whatever it was during the weeknight.
That was the purpose of my course, Mr. Adams and the medications.
And you called immediately after you had talked to me, sir, and blound?
No, sir.
I don't think so.
I don't think I know.
You called Mr. Cohns, sir.
Yeah, I'm your conversation, sir.
I first talked to Lieutenant Blound, and he told me that they had instructions that Mr. Adams must personally approve
any of those things, and I didn't try to get in touch with Mr. Adams.
Is that conversation with Lieutenant Blound that you had on that day?
A conversation in which you told him that you had a long memory, and was not to get the names of Colonel Ringler and Lieutenant Miller?
That is that conversation, sir.
Did you make such a statement as that, Mr. Cohns, and Lieutenant Blound, in that conversation?
No, sir. It was not made that way, and I was the glad to explain what did happen.
You were Lieutenant Blound's testimony?
I did, sir.
Well, what was that on that occasion, sir?
I called Lieutenant Blound, I believe, on medication about the same problem, whether or not Shine could do this work during the week,
and whether they would live up to the arrangements, which Mr. Steven said may,
making Shine available for finishes subcommittee work over weekends.
I think I explained to Lieutenant Blound that we had just about a week or so left before the deadline filing the committee report,
that we were very hard, so that the arrangements had been made for Shine to work on them,
and I wondered whether he couldn't have Shine still his work over on weeknight to stay up extra,
and if Lieutenant Blound testified here very correctly, so I believe I told him,
I didn't care how many times they put him on KP or any other duty or anything else,
during weeknight, as long as we had him during the period Mr. Steven said,
outline to work on these reports.
That was what I talked to Lieutenant Blound about.
It was quite a long talk. I had talked to Lieutenant Blound on a number of other occasions,
sir, and we had become somewhat friendly, a writer, and he told me then that the company commander,
who a Colonel, was keen to have a low opinion of Dave Shine, and that there seems to be a great deal of friction about him.
I then told Lieutenant Blound, sir, as I recall it, an incident which had been related to me about a thing which the,
this Colonel had made about Shine, not about Shine, actually, but about the type of work which this committee was doing,
which would lead one to the conclusion that this gentleman was very much out of sympathy with what we were doing,
regarded it as a witch hunt, which is the term that he used, I believe,
and I told Lieutenant Blound about that, and it is very possible, sir, that I did say I had a long memory,
and that I was remembered that Colonel's name, and I know that I did it,
passed the name along to remember the staff and asked if it was, but a check he made on this particular Colonel,
because he was talking in a pretty peculiar way about the Communist investigation.
So, he was reading your phone?
Well, sir, I'm sorry that his name has been injected into this because it's very possible that there was a misunderstanding about it,
and he's entitled to his opinion, but that's still a wise and that is what his name is.
Well, are you saying that Colonel Ringwear was talking peculiarly about the investigation of Communist,
and I'm saying, sir, that Colonel Ringwear had made a statement concerning the work of this committee,
which had been told to private shine by somebody who...
What was that statement?
The statement was, sir, that we were engaged in a witch hunt,
and that investigation practice were red herringing a long thing along those lines.
And that statement was conveyed to you by Mr. Dave Cheyenne?
And if you say it was for that reason that you said that the name of Colonel Ringwear,
Ringwear was long linger in your memory?
I might have said I was going to remember the name, yes sir.
Well, now Mr. Colman, you are a Christian man, Jimmy Chinnett.
Is that right?
I did, sir.
And you say that you need to be on screen, sir?
Yes, sir, we have it.
And still, I...
Well, I haven't had any disagreement with you.
As far as you know, it's a high-pact young man of integrity.
Yes, sir.
How did you, what he say?
I think 30509, this is Mr. Brown.
For sure, it's a bad...
He said that some people have put fiction in very cooperatives.
But that Colonel Ringwear and Mr. N. Miller had late feelings.